More coming up on ESPN NBA Countdown at noon ET I

ESPN Sources: The NBA has instructed teams to be vigilant about the impact of a verdict in the Derek Chauvin trial for the death of George Floyd in Minneapolis this week, including the possibility of game postponements: https://t.co/Fret5G0Lxi R

Missed game is because of injury recovery for those three Jazz players. I

Rudy Gobert, Mike Conley Jr., and Derrick Favors will sit out Jazz’s game vs. Lakers today on ESPN, sources tell ESPN. Donovan Mitchell is out with an ankle injury. Jazz are on a back-to-back after beating Pacers Friday. R

More on Donovan Mitchell and the Dwyane Wade ownership stake with the league-leading Jazz on NBA Countdown at 4 PM ET on ESPN ahead of Jazz-Lakers at 4:30 ET. I

Mitchell has averaged 29.6 PPG since the All-Star Break, most by a Jazz player since Karl Malone averaged 30.5 PPG after the break 30 years ago, according to @ESPNStatsInfo. https://t.co/k8diNKq5HQ I

MRI on right ankle sprain of Utah Jazz All-Star guard Donovan Mitchell revealed no structural damage, sources tell ESPN. He’s expected to miss several games before he’s cleared to return. R

Jones has averaged 13 minutes in three games for the Kings. He had a 10-day deal with the Lakers, too. I

Jazz and Mitchell will know better the severity after the MRI tonight. I

Lower ankle sprain and there's some early optimism that this isn't a major injury to Mitchell, sources tell ESPN. https://t.co/dbv3PAMDbB R

Sacramento is signing center Damian Jones to a second 10-day contract, sources tell ESPN. R

X-Rays negative and MRI coming tonight on Donovan Mitchell's sprained right ankle, sources tell ESPN. R

Mitchell turned his right ankle in a pretty severe way. I

Utah All-Star G Donovan Mitchell is getting helped to the locker room with a lower leg injury in Salt Lake City. I

Wade: "The respect I that I have for that [Heat] organization will not go anywhere, the love that I have for the [Heat] fans -- that goes nowhere. But this is about the next phase of my life as an investor, a businessman, an entrepreneur. For me, this is an opportunity to grow." I

"This goes way beyond the dream I had to just play basketball in the NBA," Wade tells ESPN. "...If this partnership is going to be anything like my relationship is with Ryan (Smith), there are going to be a lot of things that I'll want to be involved in." https://t.co/h1SnNJM2wz I

Three-time NBA champion @DwyaneWade has purchased an ownership stake in the Utah Jazz, joining majority owner and governor @RyanQualtrics with plans to take an active role in the franchise and region. Story on ESPN: https://t.co/ZxtZe8uLey I

USC 7-footer Evan Mobley – No. 2 prospect in ESPN’s Top 100 – has declared for the 2021 NBA Draft. He’ll compete to be the No. 1 overall pick. Here’s a first, too: Mobley’s turned his declaration tweet into a piece of NFT memorabilia for someone to own: https://t.co/xpfZQVRCMa I

Full audio of Suns forward Mikal Bridges on The Woj Pod: https://t.co/HPS3XwHpVS https://t.co/JNoB0iBbUb I

ESPN story on Chicago Bulls All-Star Zach LaVine lost indefinitely after entering into the league's health and safety protocol: https://t.co/Ljd4nBeNFV I

Tough blow for the Bulls, who have dropped four straight games and landed at 22-32 and 10th place in the Eastern Conference. LaVine has averaged 27.5 points this season. https://t.co/hzCsDfiwEn I

Chicago Bulls All-Star Zach LaVine is expected to miss several games after entering into the league's health and safety protocol, sources tell ESPN. R

Full audio of Phoenix’s @Mikal_Bridges on The Woj Pod: https://t.co/j3l9piIpiU https://t.co/Hk7jje7o4r I

@lebronstein @CanisiusHSHoops @DaemenMBB !!!! I

As you’d expect, the Nuggets are working to get Murray an MRI on that left knee to evaluate the severity of the knee injury, source tells ESPN. https://t.co/K8xHzK7UBF I

Brutal buckling of Jamal Murray’s left knee that could have significant implications for the gifted young guard and Denver’s season. https://t.co/K8xHzK7UBF I

Deck is working through the immigration process and there’s an expectation that he will arrive in Oklahoma City to join the team in the near future, sources said. I

Real Madrid forward Gabriel Deck has signed a four-year, $14.5M deal with the Oklahoma City Thunder, sources tell ESPN. Deck, 26, has been a member of Argentina’s national team. R

The Nets-Timberwolves could be played on Tuesday in Minneapolis, sources tell ESPN. Nets play in Philadelphia on Wednesday; Timberwolves host Bucks on Wednesday. I

The Timberwolves-Nets game will be postponed, sources tell ESPN. https://t.co/COzMctOVGo R

ESPN reporting w/ @Malika_Andrews: In aftermath of a police shooting that’s caused unrest in Minneapolis, conversations are ongoing about the possible postponement of the Nets-Timberwolves game tonight. The Twins-Red Sox game has been postponed. Decision expected this afternoon. R

NBA player agent Kevin Bradbury is joining REP1 to become President of Basketball and oversee a growing @REP1Basketball division. Bradbury’s client list includes the Clippers’ Patrick Beverley and Boston’s Robert Williams III. Rep1 has established NFL and MLB groups. I

ESPN Sources: Former UConn coach and 13-year NBA veteran Kevin Ollie has been hired as head coach and director of player development for the Overtime Elite, a new pro basketball league for top prospects between 16 and 18 years old: https://t.co/RJjM7a3wgU I

Memphis is bringing back guard Tim Frazier on a 10-day contract this week, pending clearance of health and safety protocols, sources tell ESPN. R

ESPN story on Golden State's James Wiseman and the meniscus injury to his right knee: https://t.co/CROSMZAxFI I

Warriors are consulting with doctors over next couple of days, but there's certainly an expectation that Wiseman could miss the rest of the regular season, sources tell ESPN. For now, they're still working through a plan of action and timeline. https://t.co/nDGISG1y4Z R

Warriors center James Wiseman has suffered a meniscus injury in his right knee, sources tell ESPN. No timeline on a return yet. R

Johnson had his choice of a bit more guaranteed money elsewhere, but wanted to stay the course with Nets where's averaged 7.8 points and 5.8 rebounds on 65.7 percent shooting in six appearances. I

Forward Alize Johnson has agreed to a multi-year deal with the Brooklyn Nets worth up to $4.1 million, his agent @GeorgeLangberg tells ESPN. Johnson's productivity parlayed two consecutive 10-day contracts into the new deal with the Nets. R

James Wiseman will undergo an MRI on his right knee, sources tell ESPN. https://t.co/AkSF4YS1sj I

Sources: Los Angeles Lakers' Anthony Davis could return in 10-14 days, with LeBron James close be... - via @ESPN App https://t.co/RMkGzHBmPp R

The purchase price in the deal is expected to be in the $1.5 billion range, sources tell ESPN. https://t.co/40Nq1iOTqd I

“....the talented team and their incredible fans.” I

Statement from ARod and Lore: “We look forward to entering this phase of the process with Glen Taylor. Our respect for him and the legacy he has built lays an amazing foundation for what is to come. We are excited by the prospect of getting to know the Timberwolves organization.. https://t.co/40Nq1iOTqd I

Former Major Leaguer Alex Rodriguez and billionaire Marc Lore are finalizing a deal to purchase the Minnesota Timberwolves from majority owner Glen Taylor, sources tell ESPN. Taylor will continue full control of team for two years before Rodriguez and Lore take over in 2023. I

Excel Sports agents Jeff Schwartz and James Dunleavy are representing Cade Cunningham, the No. 1 player in the ESPN Top 100 for the 2021 NBA Draft. https://t.co/lbs9VvIoTC I

For Tolliver, 35, this is his 15th stop in the NBA since entering the league undrafted in 2007. He worked out for the Sixers last week. I

The 76ers are signing veteran F Anthony Tolliver to a 10-day contract, sources tell ESPN. R

ESPN's Jonathan Givony (@DraftExpress) joins The Woj Pod to dig into the 2021 NBA Draft, including his new Mock Draft at ESPN+: https://t.co/qEkntB1h2I
Full audio: https://t.co/BEuIAokrrR I

Rondae Hollis-Jefferson has signed a 10-day contract with Portland, source tells ESPN. R

League also suspended Lakers' Talen Horton-Tucker and fined OG Anunoby and Montrezl Harrell. https://t.co/TizejLmNLI R

NBA has suspend Toronto's Fred Van Vleet and DeAndre Bembry one game for roles in on-court altercation vs. the Lakers, league says. R

Welts worked in the NBA across parts of six decades, including an impactful marketing stay in the league office under David Stern and a run as President of the Phoenix Suns. https://t.co/FGf2QwrXgP I

ESPN Sources: Golden State President and CEO Rick Welts plans to retire at the end of the season. He’s run GSW’s business side for a decade. Welts was first openly gay pro sports executive and a member of the Naismith Basketball Hall of Fame as a contributor. I

ESPN story on center Khem Birch planning to sign with the Toronto Raptors upon clearing waivers: https://t.co/3jCMjHNqg7 R

The Denver Nuggets are waiving forward Gary Clark, sources tell ESPN. Clark arrived in the Aaron Gordon deal at the trade deadline. Upon clearing waivers, Clark is expected to draw interest from some Eastern Conference playoff teams. R

Harrison played part of this season with the Utah Jazz, and started 21 games for the Chicago Bulls across the previous two years. Harrison gives Denver some more veteran depth at point guard for the rest of regular season and playoffs. https://t.co/G1kMzSCHZ0 I

Nuggets are signing guard Shaq Harrison to a two-way deal, sources tell ESPN. To make room, they’ll waive two-way forward Greg Whittington, who has been injured. R

Washington is expected to bring back F Jordan Bell on a 10-day contract soon, sources said. https://t.co/0bWZkyutpl R

Wizards are waiving guard Jerome Robinson, sources tell ESPN. R

Sean Miller’s immediate future is likely as an NBA assistant coach. At least one team expressed interest in the offseason, sources said, and now that he’s left Arizona, it’s expected Miller will move in that direction in the offseason. I

Tennessee freshman guard Keon Johnson – No. 6 in ESPN’s Top 100 -- will enter the 2021 NBA Draft and hire an agent, Johnson tells @DraftExpress. “The NBA has always been my goal, but I never expected it to come this soon.” https://t.co/6oEn1HZgJI I

Guard Devin Cannady signed a 10-day contract with the Orlando Magic, his agent @jaredmucha_ of @excelbasketball tells ESPN. Cannady was MVP of the G League Finals. R

Ham is part of a Mike Budenholzer coaching tree that has sent several assistants into NBA head coaching jobs, including Quin Snyder, Kenny Atkinson and Taylor Jenkins. https://t.co/pa3j5dZfmc I

ESPN Sources: Milwaukee Bucks assistant Darvin Ham discussed the opening at his alma mater Texas Tech with school officials, but plans to stay in the NBA and continue progressing toward a head coaching job there. Ham made a strong impression on teams in last interview cycle. I

Leaf was the 18th overall pick in the 2017 NBA Draft to the Pacers, but never cracked Indiana’s deep frontline. I

Free agent F TJ Leaf is signing a two-way deal with Portland, sources tell ESPN. R

Oklahoma City is waiving forward Justin Jackson, sources tell ESPN. R

Texas Tech has received permission and plans to interview Milwaukee Bucks top assistant and alumnus Darvin Ham this weekend, sources tell ESPN. Ham led Tech to its first Sweet 16 in 1996. Ham has risen into a serious head coaching candidate in NBA in last few years. I

Talks have been ongoing for several months on Hill taking over Colangelo after the Tokyo Olympics. Adam Silver was a major proponent of Hill candidacy, For starters, Hill will be tasked with selecting next USA coach post-Gregg Popovich. https://t.co/Q1JU5Puytd I

Grant Hill will succeed Jerry Colangelo as managing director of USA Basketball, per @usabasketball. I

Terrific head coaching audition for Jamahl Mosley at MSG tonight. He’s one of the league’s assistant coaches on the cusp of taking that next step. https://t.co/5sdYdS762I I

NBA is fining Kevin Durant $50,000 for social exchange with actor, sources tell ESPN. I

How front offices are responding to the big-name buyout rush to the Nets and Lakers -- and how the NBA sees the issue in the present and beyond. Story for ESPN+: https://t.co/VpxG1vi98f I

UConn Huskies sophomore guard James Bouknight is entering the 2021 NBA Draft and plans to hire an agent, Bouknight tells ESPN. https://t.co/l1h1mu2XcZ I

Clippers want a third center behind Ivica Zubac and Serge Ibaka and have been talking with Cousins on fulfilling that role on a 10-day. https://t.co/VcGEMnprLw I

Free agent center DeMarcus Cousins and the Clippers are discussing a 10-day contract, but no decision is expected until next week, sources tell ESPN. R

Johnson’s agent @GeorgeLangberg has confirmed the impending new 10-Day. I

The Brooklyn Nets are planning to sign F Alize Johnson to a second 10-day contract, sources tell ESPN. Johnson had an outstanding 23-point, 15-rebound performance vs. Utah in 33 minutes. Johnson’s original 10-day expires Wednesday. R

@emilymkaplan Great reporting, Emily. Much more to come! I

New Indiana coach Mike Woodson has talked with Hall of Famer Larry Brown about a possible role on the IU coaching staff, sources tell ESPN. Idea would be an on-campus, non-recruiting slot. Woodson was an assistant under Brown with Sixers and Pistons. Brown, 80, left SMU in 2016. I

Teague reunites with coach Mike Budenholzer. They had great success together with Atlanta. Teague cleared waivers today after Boston traded him to Orlando at Thursday's deadline. https://t.co/eVwFQKyfHY I

Free agent guard Jeff Teague is signing with Milwaukee, sources tell ESPN. R

Knicks assistant Mike Woodson is finalizing a six-year contract to become the coach at his alma mater Indiana, sources tell ESPN. Formal announcement expected today. Woodson was a Hoosiers star under Bob Knight. I

Drummond plans to sign with Lakers, agent Jeff Schwartz says - via @ESPN App https://t.co/NG4i24DzIO R

Once Andre Drummond clears waivers at 5 PM ET, he intends to sign with the Lakers, his agent Jeff Schwartz of @excelbasketball tells ESPN. R

ESPN story on the Lakers emerging as strong frontrunners to sign Andre Drummond: https://t.co/WGfXPV1gP0 I

LA's stars have been recruiting Drummond hard, and Lakers' situation offers him a chance to step into the starting lineup at center. Drummond is progressing toward finalizing that decision soon, sources said. https://t.co/ctndm08c4K I

The Lakers have emerged as a strong frontrunner to sign free agent center Andre Drummond, sources tell ESPN. R

“...I look forward to supporting the  guys who supported me.... “When I arrived, I understood the direction of the team, we had a great individual plan in place for me, and I feel like as a result I’ve played really good basketball for the Thunder.” I

Horford statement: “...I know what it’s like to be a young, aspiring player, and at this point in the season I understand how important playing meaningful minutes is for their careers and their development.” I

Full ESPN story on LaMarcus Aldridge agreeing to sign with the Brooklyn Nets: https://t.co/l21Vihqwn4 I

Horford plans to remain w/ OKC teammates and train at the team’s facility. After season, Horford will have 2 years, $53M left on deal and Sam Presti has pledged to work w/ Horford and his agent Jason Glushon on finding a destination that fits better with this stage of his career. https://t.co/TjNoJ4w2zE R

ESPN Sources: As the Oklahoma City Thunder turn to younger players in the nightly rotation, five-time All-Star center Al Horford will be no longer active for games this season. https://t.co/PwEC0MaUid R

Nets still have one more roster spot to use in the buyout market. I

Aldridge is expected to see a significant amount of his minutes at center for the Nets. R

Agent Jeff Schwartz of @excelbasketball confirms Aldridge's commitment to signing with Nets to ESPN now. Nets have secured Aldridge and Blake Griffin in the buyout market. Brooklyn is loaded for a title run. https://t.co/KchOTq7Foj I

Free agent LaMarcus Aldridge plans to sign with the Brooklyn Nets, sources tell ESPN. R

@malika_andrews That settles that. I

Free agent forward Cam Reynolds is signing a 10-day contract with San Antonio, his agent @JamesDunleavy3 of @Excelbasketball tells ESPN. Reynolds averaged 15.5 points for the Spurs’ G-League team in the bubble. R

@BobbyMarks42 How about proposing a throwback trade deadline using rotary phones?

Final tally on NBA Trade Deadline Day, per league:
-- 16 Trades
-- 23 teams 
-- 46 roster players 
Most ever in each category in past 35 years on deadline day. I

Free agent F Oshae Brissett is signing a 10-day contract with the Pacers, source tells ESPN. R

The Knicks are planning to waive 7-footer Vincent Poirier, who arrived from Sixers in the three-team deal with Oklahoma City, sources tell ESPN. R

The cash buyout for LaMarcus Aldridge with the Spurs was $5.8M, sources tell ESPN. I

Knicks associate head coach Johnnie Bryant remains a significant candidate in the Utes' search, sources tell ESPN. Bryant is another well-regarded former Utes player who joined the Knicks after spending six seasons as an assistant under Quin Snyder with the Jazz. https://t.co/8oVlHmaWu4 I

Utah Jazz assistant coach Alex Jensen has pulled out of consideration for the head coaching job at the University of Utah, sources tell ESPN. Jensen was an ex-player under Rick Majerus with the Utes. I

In making trade offers for Kyle Lowry, teams had to take into consideration whether he would turn out to be a rental for the season --- or if they would be able to meet his contract expectations to stay in free agency. That impacted how far teams were willing to go on him. I

Once LaMarcus Aldridge completes a buyout with the Spurs, the Miami Heat are expected to emerge as a frontrunner to sign him, sources tell ESPN. Aldridge plans to talk with several teams before finalizing a decision. R

In the end, Masai Ujiri didn't find a package that compelled him to trade Kyle Lowry -- and Lowry had always been fine with completing the season with the Raptors, sources tell ESPN. Now, Lowry can head to free agency in the summer. https://t.co/JOoY9WMKNf I

Chriss goes with cash to Spurs, which saves Warriors on luxury tax for an injured player. I

Mo Wagner goes to the Celtics, per sources. https://t.co/TPrzW9WqEd R

Boston is trading center Daniel Theis to Chicago, sources tell ESPN. R

Golden State has traded Marqueese Chriss to the Spurs, source tells ESPN. R

The Raptors are keeping Kyle Lowry, source tells ESPN. R

Houston is trading Victor Oladipo to Miami, source tells ESPN. R

No Lonzo Ball trade, sources tell ESPN. He's staying in New Orleans. R

Toronto is trading guard Terrence Davis to Sacramento for a future second round pick, source tells ESPN. R

Clippers also send two future second-round picks to the Hawks in the deal, per source. I

Hawks are trading Rajon Rondo to the Clippers for Lou Williams, source tells ESPN. R

The Hawks and Clippers have been discussing a trade for Rajon Rondo, sources tell ESPN. Forty minutes left until the deadline now. R

Deal opens a roster spot to take on an additional player in a Lowry trade. Raptors continue talking to teams on deals within 45 minutes of deadline. Thomas gives the Jazz another in an endless line of three-point shooters on the team. https://t.co/9Llqb3NKvi I

Toronto is trading guard Matt Thomas to the Utah Jazz for a future second-round pick, source tells ESPN. R

Sixers send second round picks in 2025 and 2026 to the Thunder, sources tell ESPN. I

Knicks also send Iggy Brazdeikis to Philadelphia in the three-way deal, per sources. R

Three-way deal with Knicks. Terrance Ferguson to New York in the trade, per sources. https://t.co/NU3JgmUV0k R

Toronto has traded Norm Powell to Portland for Gary Trent and Rodney Hood, sources tell ESPN. R

Philadelphia is acquiring OKC's George Hill for Tony Bradley, Terrance Fergusson and two future second-round picks, sources tell ESPN. Austin Rivers goes to OKC as part of a three-way deal. R

Miami is sending Moe Harkless and Chris Silva to the Kings, sources tell ESPN. https://t.co/qcIwNnme3t R

Sacramento is finalizing a deal to send Nemanja Bjelica to the Miami. Heat, sources tell ESPN. R

Denver is trading its a protected 2025 first-round pick in the deal, sources tell ESPN. I

Orlando is including Gary Clark in the deal too, sources tell ESPN. I

Gary Harris, RJ Hampton and a first-round pick to the Magic for Aaron Gordon, source tells ESPN. https://t.co/VWMUVCokeS R

Denver and Orlando have agreed on the Aaron Gordon deal, sources tell ESPN. Among the players on the way to Orlando: Gary Harris. R

Washington is trading Troy Brown and Mo Wagner to Chicago for Daniel Gafford and Chandler Hutchinson, sources tell ESPN. R

Orlando and Denver are finalizing the particulars of the deal now, but the Nuggets are on the brink of acquiring Gordon, sources tell ESPN. https://t.co/TAKuKKW3Qj R

Orlando is closing in on a trade to send Aaron Gordon to Denver, sources tell ESPN. R

The Magic have moved Nikola Vucevic and Evan Fournier now -- with Aaron Gordon on deck. Magic will gather significant draft assets today and have young players, Jonathan Isaac and Markele Fultz, under contract long-term. I

Teams are finalizing the deal now, source tells ESPN. https://t.co/Rc27IxxhnB I

Boston is in serious talks to acquire Orlando guard Evan Fournier for two second-round picks, sources tell ESPN. R

Chicago's leadership -- Arturas Karnisovas, Marc Eversley and Billy Donovan -- wanted to bring on productive, serious-minded veteran player to be a cornerstone for the Bulls. They get one with All-Star center Nikola Vucevic, who's been a pillar with Orlando. I

The Bulls are sending the Magic 2021 and 2023 first-round picks in the deal, sources tell ESPN. I

Here's the deal: The Bulls land Nikola Vucevic and Al Farouq Aminu for Otto Porter, Wendell Carter Jr., and two first-round picks. Huge addition for Chicago, who remains in pursuit of Lonzo Ball. The Magic are moving toward a rebuild now with Aaron Gordon deal on deck. I

Bulls are also sending Otto Porter in the deal to Magic, source tells ESPN. R

Bulls are sending Wendell Carter Jr. and two first-round picks to the Magic, per sources. https://t.co/MNvJ8GmfeL R

Orlando is trading Nikola Vucevic Al-Farouq Aminu to Chicago, sources tell ESPN. R

Sources: Orlando continues to listen to offers on All-Star Nikola Vucevic, but it would take a substantial package to pry him. As the Magic drill down on Aaron Gordon trades, an additional move w/ Vucevic for assets would set franchise toward more substantial long-term retooling. I

Cleveland is acquiring a 2027 unprotected second-round pick and 2023 protected second-round pick protected through No. 46, sources tell ESPN. I

Denver is acquiring center Cleveland center JaVale McGee for Isaiah Hartenstein and two future protected second-round picks, sources tell ESPN. R

ESPN story on the Kings-Pistons deal to open up trade deadline day: https://t.co/mZAQ8x812T I

Kings are sending a 2021 via second-round pick via Lakers and their own 2024 second-rounder to Pistons in the deal, source tells ESPN. https://t.co/yXGXXwbsL6 I

The Detroit Pistons are trading guard Delon Wright to the Sacramento Kings for guard Cory Joseph and two second-round picks, sources tell ESPN. R

Rockets continue to be engaged on several fronts in trade talks for Victor Oladipo, sources tell ESPN. https://t.co/l3fSlnLPcW R

https://t.co/95ecTddpJY I

ESPN story on trade scenarios for Kyle Lowry and Norman Powell on what could be a transformative deadline for the Toronto Raptors: https://t.co/Mogh2O8tdX I

Beyond Lowry, Sixers have shown interest in other guards available in the marketplace -- including Powell, Lonzo Ball and George Hill, sources said. R

Sources: Raptors discussing Kyle Lowry and Norman Powell deals on multiple fronts and those talks are expected to extend into Wednesday --- and perhaps even Thursday. Philadelphia, Miami are interested in Lowry, but both have shown restraint in how far they'll go to get a deal. R

Denver Nuggets coach Michael Malone honoring the names of the Boulder victims in yet another senseless mass murder in America. https://t.co/9tj543J3oo I

ESPN story on the Houston Rockets progressing on Victor Oladipo trade talks ahead of Thursday's deadline: https://t.co/WK9BulmUPl I

ESPN Sources: Heat and Knicks - w/ summer cap space - are reluctant to offer premium packages for Victor Oladipo, but market’s developed of capped-out teams bidding w/ young player/first-round pick combos. One thing’s become clear: Houston’s likely moving Oladipo before deadline. R

ESPN story on the Clippers trading forward Mfiondu Kabengele and cash to the Kings, creating a roster spot and breathing room under the hard cap: https://t.co/OHFYviogjs R

Clippers get $2.6M under the hard cap ahead of the trade deadline and buyout market. I

Kabengele, a 6-9 forward, was the 27th overall pick out of Florida State in 2019. I

Kings used a trade exception that would've expired today on deal. Both second-round picks are heavily protected and unlikely to convey, sources said. Kings get a young forward to evaluate -- and cash; Clippers create a roster spot. https://t.co/MpqjAm4UOX I

Clippers are trading Mfiondu Kabengele, a future second and cash to the Kings for a protected future second-round pick, sources tell ESPN. R